'A blind man walks into a bar. <break time="0.5s"/>And a table.<break time="0.5s"/> And a chair.',
'Why do Dasher and Dancer love coffee? <break time="0.5s"/>Because they are Santas star bucks.',
'What do you get when you cross a christmas tree with an apple? <break time="0.5s"/> A pineapple.',
'What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.',
'Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.',
'I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.',
'What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.',
'Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they will never meet.',
'What did one hat say to the other? You stay here. I will go on ahead.',
'Oh Ryans belt is a big waist of space. Alright that was a terrible joke. I give it three stars. It was a stellar performance though.',
'Did you hear about the crook who stole the calendar? He got twelve months.',
'I have the worlds worst thesaurus. Not only is it terrible, it is <break time="0.5s"/> terrible.',
'I woke up this morning and forgot the direction from which the sun rises. Then it dawned on me.',
'The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things, literally.',
'Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.',
'Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.',
'Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.',
'What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.',
'Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.',
'This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.',
'What's brown and sticky? A stick.',
'A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.',
'I thought about going on an all almond diet. But that iss just nuts.',
'Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It is fine, he woke up.',
'This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.',
'I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It is a total rip off.',
'How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.',
'Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field. But hay, it must run in his jeans.',


